issues 10, 20, 25, 26 (#33)
kg-construct/rml-lv: spec/section/fields.md

A <dfn>field</dfn> is also a type of <!-- TODO reference to core logically iterable when available-->[logically iterable](). Consequently, a [=field=] MUST have a <!-- TODO reference to core reference formulation when available-->[reference formulation]() and an <!-- TODO reference to core iterator when available-->[iterator](). 

A [=field=] (`rml:Field`) MUST have following additional properties:
- exactly one field name property (`rml:fieldName`), that specifies the [=name=] of the field
- zero or more field properties (`rml:field`), to describe nested [=field=], also of the type `rml:Field`

| Property                     | Domain                         | Range                      |
|------------------------------|--------------------------------|----------------------------|
| `rml:fieldName`              | `rml:Field`                    | `rml:LogicalSource`        |
| `rml:field`                  | `rml:LogicalView`,`rml:Field` | `rml:Field`                |

### Field parents {#field-parents}

> A [=field=] MUST have a <dfn data-lt="field parent">parent</dfn> that is either a <!-- TODO reference to core, dependent on https://github.com/kg-construct/rml-core/issues/127-->[logical source]() or another [=field=]. The parent relation MUST not contain cycles: it is tree-shaped with a logical source as its root. The transitive parents of a [=field=], i.e., the [=field=]'s parent, the parent of the [=field=]'s parent, etcetera, are fittingly called the [=field=]'s <dfn>ancestors</dfn>. 

Author: It is the Logical Source of the Logical View that has the correct reference formulation.

> A [=field=] MUST have a <dfn data-lt="field parent">parent</dfn> that is either a <!-- TODO reference to core, dependent on https://github.com/kg-construct/rml-core/issues/127-->[logical source]() or another [=field=]. The parent relation MUST not contain cycles: it is tree-shaped with a logical source as its root. The transitive parents of a [=field=], i.e., the [=field=]'s parent, the parent of the [=field=]'s parent, etcetera, are fittingly called the [=field=]'s <dfn>ancestors</dfn>. 

Reviewer: ok

</aside>

### Field reference formulation {#field-reference-formulation}

A [=field=] MUST have an a <!-- TODO reference to core reference formulation when available-->[reference formulation]() and an <!-- TODO reference to core iterator when available-->[iterator]() . 
If no reference formulation is declared for a field, the reference formulation of the [=field parent=] is implied.

> If no iterator is declared for a field, a default iterator is implied. If the reference formulation of the field is `rml:JSONPath` or `rml:XMLPath`, the default iterator is the root of the document. Otherwise, the default iterator is a row.

Author: ```suggestion
If no iterator is declared for a field, the default iterator of the field's reference formulation is implied.
```

> If no iterator is declared for a field, a default iterator is implied. If the reference formulation of the field is `rml:JSONPath` or `rml:XMLPath`, the default iterator is the root of the document. Otherwise, the default iterator is a row.

Author: I will make an issue in rml-io.

> If no iterator is declared for a field, a default iterator is implied. If the reference formulation of the field is `rml:JSONPath` or `rml:XMLPath`, the default iterator is the root of the document. Otherwise, the default iterator is a row.

Author: https://github.com/kg-construct/rml-io/issues/87

> If no iterator is declared for a field, a default iterator is implied. If the reference formulation of the field is `rml:JSONPath` or `rml:XMLPath`, the default iterator is the root of the document. Otherwise, the default iterator is a row.

Reviewer: lgtm
